DTSPO-1597 - Sendgrid subusers - 3 (#3)
hmcts/sendgrid: README.md

# Azure SendGrid

> This repository provisions SendGrid accounts through the [Azure marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/sendgrid.sendgrid).

Reviewer: might be a bit detailed but this repo isn't creating the original accounts
```suggestion
This repository provisions SendGrid sub user accounts in our manually created SendGrid accounts, 'sendgridnonprod' and 'sendgridprod', provisioned through the [Azure marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/sendgrid.sendgrid).
```

## Setting up a new account

> Each team can create a non-production and a production account.  Accounts are created as subusers under the respective non-production and production primary accounts.

Reviewer: not needed imo
```suggestion
Each team can create a non-production and a production account.  Accounts are created as subusers under the respective non-production and production accounts.
```

You can create new accounts by updating the configuration in 
[nonprod.tfvars](config/nonprod.tfvars) and [prod.tfvars](config/prod.tfvars)

> Accounts are created with an 'hmcts-' prefix appended to avoid name clashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accounts are created with an 'hmcts-' prepended to avoid name clashes.
```

You need to select a domain for your from address in non-production and production.

The standard pattern is:

* mail-your-product-nonprod.platform.hmcts.net
* mail-your-product.platform.hmcts.net

You may also serve your production domain from `service.gov.uk` if you have one.

e.g.

* mail.your-service.service.gov.uk 

### Setup in SendGrid portal

1. Log in at https://app.sendgrid.com. Username is "hmcts-\<name-specified-in-configuration\>". Retrieve password from vault.
2. Click 'Authenticate your domain'
2. Select 'Other Host (Not listed)
3. Type 'Azure'
4. brand links: normally we choose no (the default)
5. click 'Next'
6. enter the from domain, e.g. mail-sscs-nonprod.platform.hmcts.net
7. click 'Next'

You will now be on page that gives you DNS records that need to be added to the public DNS zone.

See an example pull request that was used to configure [SSCS's DMARC](https://github.com/hmcts/azure-public-dns/pull/360).

Once the DNS pull request has been merged, wait till it's applied.

Then tick 'I've added these records.' and click 'Verify'.

If successful then DMARC is all setup.

## API key

SendGrid requires an API key for sending emails through it.

> An API key is automatically created same time as the account and stored in the SendGrid Key Vault.  Key has restricted access with 'Mail Send' permission allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An API key is automatically created for you when the account is created and stored in the SendGrid Key Vault. The key has restricted access with 'Mail Send' permission allowed.

The API key name format is `hmcts-<account-name>-api-key`
```

### Getting the key from the application

> The API key should be read from Key Vault via terraform.

Reviewer: should link the example from the previous repo for now and you can update it with divorce when you do it?

Author: sure, now added.
